Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V."
(guard)
Welcome to your new
home sweet home.
Well, it's just us now.
Oh. And them.
Ain't ya gonna come say hi?
Uh, yeah, we were
just about to.
Too late!
Gong says leave
those four alone!
No way, for real?
Gong is that‐‐
Yuya, so good to see you!
Guess any friend of Yuya
is a friend of ours.
I suppose that would
include me, then.
Dennis.
Tokumatsu runs this joint.
If you want no trouble,
then hand over your cards.
(Yuya)
Or what?
Or face the wrath
of Tokumatsu!
No, never!
Let's duel!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 8 Flower Cardian
Lightshower!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
See‐saw to it, Peformapal Teeter
Totter Hopper!
Crawl to victory,
Peformapal Sellshell Crab!
I'm activating the trap card
Fraud Freeze,
so all of your monster's
will be gone!
Oh, no!
Perhaps now you finally
understand
that power
is everything, Yuya.
The worst is yet to come!
(sinister laugh)
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action,
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance,
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards,
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Your cards are mine.
Thanks to my
superior skills,
I have you backed up
against the wall!
You are no longer able to
Pendulum Summon, dear boy.
My victory is guaranteed!
There's something wrong.
Hmm?
It's like he's only
out to win!
Hero Chojiro was
never concerned about
winning or losing.
Hero Chojiro?
Don't call me that!
Huh?
For my name is...
Kingpin Chojiro!
The Kingpin hasn't lost since
he arrived at the Facility.
His M. O. is to pin down
all your strongest monsters
and keep 'em out of action.
Fitting name don't you think?
Thousands have tried to
dethrone the Kingpin,
but all they got
was a royal beat down!
He stomped them,
and he's gonna stomp you!
Chojiro may have stopped me for
now, but I'm not giving up.
I place one monster
in defense mode
and then I'll end my turn.
Funny, after all your yapping
about things swinging your way,
all that you are capable of
doing in the end
is summon a monster
in defense mode.
Well, as long as I have a card
in play, I still have a chance.
The duelists before you
all felt the same way,
but none could defeat me,
and you won't either!
Due to Flower Cardian
Lightshower's special ability,
I choose not to draw a card.
This may seem like a drawback,
but in exchange, the next time
you draw a card,
you will take 1,500 points
of damage,
bringing you one step closer
to defeat.
(man) Yeah!
Way to go, Kingpin!
(second man)
Yeah, you just punked
that pest!
I've warned you
clowns before!
Silence yourselves!
I've no need for cheerleaders.
Their support is temporary
at best.
I now rely solely on myself to
outlast those who oppose me.
That guy doesn't get it.
Dueling is for building
your fan base...
and becoming a celebrity.
Then you're a D‐lister!
Even your feeble mind can
understand
that you have
no chance to win.
Accept defeat now and give me
half your cards,
and I'll spare you further
suffering.
I think I'll hold on
to my cards, thanks.
But there is something I'm
planning to give you.
A slice of humble pie!
Some may admire your bravado,
but it is no match
for my brute power!
I'm not gonna back down!
So go ahead and show me
what your made of!
Someone as stubborn as you
will never understand...
'til I make you understand!
Lightshower, destroy his
facedown monster
and rain on his parade!
You lost another monster that
you cannot afford to lose.
It's my turn.
(thinking)
I'll drop 1,500 life points
when I draw this card,
which means I won't have enough
life points left
to draw another for the rest
of this duel.
This really has to count
or I'm done for.
Drawing that card
will cost you.
Lightshower deals you 1,500
points of damage!
Aah!
I really hope that card
was worth it, pal.
I'm summoning the monster I just
got in defense mode.
And ending my turn!
That was pointless.
It's over.
Again, I choose not to draw
a card this turn,
which means Flower Cardian
Lightshower's special ability
will activate
on your next turn.
In the meantime, Lightshower,
take out his facedown monster!
That dude is putting Yuya's
monsters
through the shredder
one at a time!
The final step in your undoing
has arrived.
When you draw a card at
the start of your turn,
your remaining life points
will be wiped out.
And all your cards
will be mine!
The final step in your undoing
has arrived.
When you draw a card at
the start of your turn,
your remaining life points
will be wiped out.
And all your cards
will be mine!
You should have
taken the easy way out
when I gave you
the chance to forfeit
and give up only
half your cards.
Now it's too late!
Hurry up and draw
so I can watch you lose.
Chojiro used to be my hero
when I was a kid.
Uh‐huh. He never acted
like this before.
What happened?
You mean he wasn't always a
despicable sourpuss?
It was just the opposite.
He used to be every kid's
favorite duelist.
We idolized him.
Idolized?
You kidding?
It's true.
Back then, I was one of his
biggest fans.
You should've seen him in
action!
When Hero Chojiro dueled,
he kept us on the edge
of our seats.
Be a hero!
(Crow)
He didn't care about
winning or losing,
just about making us feel like
every draw was an adventure!
Even after he became a dueling
sensation,
Chojiro felt a responsibility to
give back to his fellow Commons.
I know firsthand, 'cause I was
one of his pupils.
When trouble broke out in our
hood, Chojiro knew what to do.
Why are you wasting energy
fighting each other?
Channel your fury into
something positive,
like learning how to duel.
Dueling is the best way for you
to challenge each other.
You will learn much
about your cards,
and even more perhaps about
yourselves.
You may even create bonds that
will last a lifetime.
(chanting)
Chojiro! Our hero!
Chojiro!
Our hero!
Be a hero!
But look how much
he's changed.
This Chojiro only cares
about winning duels,
no matter what
it takes!
If he was such a superstar
duelist,
how'd he end up in this
detention dump?
Good question.
The last I saw him,
he was challenging the best
duelists in Tops,
but he soon left
the dueling scene.
You must realize how hopeless
your situation has become.
Surrender.
End this pointless farce and
accept that you can't win!
Never!
There's always a chance!
You can never predict what
will happen in a duel.
That's what makes it fun!
Nonsense!
Dueling has nothing to do
with having fun!
You're wrong!
The whole point is to put
a smile on people's faces.
I learned that from
my mom and dad.
And the duels I've had proved
that it's true!
I once thought like you do,
but I learned the hard way that
in the end,
power is all that matters.
While thousands dwell
in luxury
in the magnificent skylands
above the city,
far below them, millions
struggle just to survive!
I could not allow such
injustice to stand!
That is why I chose to duel
the Topsiders!
My victories would prove that
the Commons
were worthy of respect.
It would bring revolutionary
change!
Aah!
But I failed.
The Topsiders did not duel
fairly.
They stockpiled the most
powerful cards that
money could buy
and used them to overpower me!
And as my wins went away,
so did my fans.
What were once cheers
were now boos.
It seemed that in an instant,
I was no longer "Hero" Chojiro.
My heart was broken.
From that day on,
I no longer cared
what people thought anymore.
All that mattered was winning.
And that meant not leaving my
fate to the luck of the draw.
And since I cared so much
about winning,
I did the unthinkable:
I cheated.
With this one mistake,
I went against everything I used
to believe in,
causing me to fall in a downward
spiral that led me
to the detention facility
I now call home.
(cell doors close)
But that's how life goes
sometimes.
I'm no longer naive like you.
I tried to bridge the gap
between Tops and Commons
through dueling,
but in the end, all it did
was put me in this dump.
Dueling isn't for fun
and entertainment,
it's just a means of survival.
And with this mentality,
I have survived,
and now I am the boss here.
So I may no longer have my
dreams, but I do have my power.
And this power
will crush you.
Don't be so sure!
I'm gonna find a way to pull
this out, no matter what!
This duel is over!
Flower Cardian Lightshower's
special ability activates,
dealing you enough damage
to defeat you!
I don't think so!
I drew Performapal Rain Goat!
And by sending it to the
graveyard, I take no damage!
Yuya!
Maybe Chojiro isn't as
unbeatable as he thinks he is.
(scoffs)
You were lucky,
but your ruin is still at hand!
Unless it's not!
Since I sent a Performapal from
my hand to the graveyard,
I can summon
Teeter Totter Hopper
from the graveyard in
defense mode!
That card's back?
I bet it will
tip the duel Yuya's way.
Once per turn,
Teeter Totter Hopper
can't be destroyed
in battle.
And if I choose to send it
to the graveyard
at the end of your turn,
I can add another Performapal
from my graveyard
that's Level 3 or below
to my hand!
Impossible!
Hmm.
So then that means...
Yuya can bring back
Performapal Raingoat.
And on Chojiro's turn,
Yuya will use Teeter Totter
Hopper to protect himself.
And at the end of his turn,
Yuya can send it
to the graveyard to bring
Raingoat back.
So when Chojiro tries to use
Lightshower's special ability
again to wipe out Yuya's life
points,
all Yuya has to do is send
Raingoat to the graveyard
to take no damage,
and that also allows him
to bring back Teeter Totter
Hopper again.
Oh, I get it!
Yuya's creating an infinite loop
where he'll take no damage.
Impossible!
No one ever stymied
the boss's combo before.
There's always a first.
And you're going
to be the last!
Guard, we wanna
see the duel!
Hey, let us in!
It's private.
Aw, come on!
We haven't seen
a good battle in ages!
We'll make it
worth your while!
Yeah, give us a break!
Come on!
Hurry or we'll miss it!
Let us in!
Huh?
(prisoner)
Come on, we're gonna miss
the best part!
Who's winning?
The Kingpin for sure!
Keep dueling!
Looks like everybody's
backing the Boss!
Yeah, but all
the backing in the world
ain't gonna help the Boss
get around that kid's
"infinite loop" card combo
he just threw down?
Eh, that looks like
a showstopper,
but the boss
can beat it easy.
If there's a loop, then there
has to be a loop hole, right?
Just slip an attack through
the hole and it's over.
There's a hole all right,
but it's where
your brain ought to be!
And with that,
I'll end my turn.
Now that I just beat your
unbeatable strategy,
I can't wait to see
what's up next.
Now let's have some fun!
I already told you I'm not
dueling to have fun!
I'm dueling to defeat you!
It's my turn,
and I choose to draw!
He's gonna draw?
What about
his strategy?
Looks like the old grump decided
to shift gears.
(prisoner)
Whoa, he's gonna draw?
(thinking)
It seems like forever since
I risked my fate
on drawing the perfect card.
And I must admit,
it feels good.
(chuckles)
Wait. That can't be a grin
on his face, can it?
(thinking)
I spent years trying
to avoid risk,
first by cheating and then by
inventing a risk‐free strategy.
But the truth is,
I miss the thrill
of taking a chance on
the next card.
(chanting)
Hero Chojiro!
Hero Chojiro! Hero Chojiro!
That's it, guys!
Crank it up!
Make this cellblock rock!
Hero Chojiro!
Hero Chojiro! Hero Chojiro!
(thinking)
Incredible.
I've never seen the other
inmates so happy before.
(laughs)
All right, then!
If you jokers want fun and
excitement,
then that's what you'll get!
(thinking)
'Cause I now see that my true
fans have never left me.
Be a hero!
(cheering)
Oh, yes!
I've drawn the spell
Super Koi Koi!
Awesome!
That spell is sweet!
Due to Super Koi Koi's effect,
I draw three cards!
If any of them are
Flower Cardians,
I can summon them!
But if they're not, I have to
send them to the graveyard,
and I take 1,000 points of
damage for each card.
Get ready, 'cause every card is
an adventure!
(prisoner)
"Chojiro the Hero" is back!
Dueling is a reflection of the
way we should live our lives.
(all)
Aw.
Some days, you win,
some days, you lose,
but what's important is
that you enjoy the journey.
Ultimately,
everyone wins if...
we all have fun!
(all)
Too true!
(both)
Too fun!
It's time to draw
the first card!
Yeah!
Draw!
(both)
Be a hero!
Aagghh!
I drew Flower Cardian Clover
With Boar!
(all cheering)
Card two.
(both)
Do it, Chojiro!
Be a hero!
This time it's Flower Cardian
Maple with Deer!
Now card number three!
Aagghh!
The third card is Flower Cardian
Peony with Butterfly!
(man)
Whoa! The boss sure has
a green thumb!
Due to Super Koi Koi's effect,
all three monsters attack and
defense points
are reduced to zero
and change to Level 2!
Since they all have the same
Level,
I can tune these monsters
and give rise to an entirely
new creation!
Behold, my friends,
as the majestic beauty of
the butterfly
tunes itself to the valor and
swiftness of the deer
and to the bravery of the boar!
Now I Synchro Summon!
Come forth, Flower Cardian
Boardefly!
It's on!
Flower Cardian Lightshower, take
out Teeter Totter Hopper!
Except Teeter Totter Hopper
can use its special ability to
save itself!
But it can only stop
one attack!
Boardefly, it is now your turn
to take that Hopper out.
And even if your monster is in
defense mode,
Boardefly can still deal you
damage.
Yuya!
That ends my turn.
With your life points so
dangerously low,
you have no possible hope of
winning this duel,
and yet I feel certain that you
will not concede defeat.
You're right.
Huh.
And it's time I take
center stage!
(snaps fingers)
Our showdown is reaching
its climax.
It looks like I'm down.
But wait. I'm about to give
you a demo of my dueltaining
skills!
You ain't seen nothing yet!
(cheering)
It begins now!
Oh, yeah!
I activate the spell
Pendulum Storm!
It blows away both of my
Pendulum Monsters!
Wait! He's getting rid
of his own cards?
Just bear with me.
I'm bringing down the curtain
on one act
so I can bring up another.
It's way more fun that way.
In exchange,
Pendulum Storm
destroys one of your
spell or trap cards.
Fraud Freeze isfinito!
Time for Yuya to heat things
up and burn this guy.
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Peformapal Sellshell Crab
and Performapal Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
I'm taking control of
this duel, starting now!
Now I can summon Level 3
monsters all at the same time!
Crank it up, Yuya!
(chanting)
Pendulum! Pendulum!
Pendulum!
(Yuya)
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Show some bite, Performapal Bit
Bite Turtle!
Make some magic,
Timegazer Magician!
Quick!
Bit Bite Turtle, chomp into
Flower Cardian Lightshowers!
Have you lost your mind?
Bit Bite Turtle's
attack points
are miniscule compared to
Lightshower's.
What? What's wrong with
my Lightshower?
When my monster is destroyed,
so is yours!
Take out my Turtle and the same
fate is shelled out to you!
But you will still take damage,
so you lose!
Nope!
Odd‐Eyes, use your special
ability!
When my Pendulum monster
battles, I take no damage!
So I'm safe and sound!
That was unexpected,
and very impressive.
Well, wait 'til you see
Sellshell Crab's
Pendulum ability!
When a Pendulum Monster
on my field gets destroyed,
I don't sweat it,
because Sellshell Crab
can summon a monster
from my Pendulum Zone!
I'm putting you on
battle duty, Odd‐Eyes!
(roaring)
We're all set!
Odd‐Eyes, attack Boardefly!
I'll save my monster
by playing Fraud Check!
None of my Flower Cardians
can be destroyed in battle
during this turn.
That rat!
But he'll still take damage.
And Odd‐Eyes can double that
damage!
You see, whenever Odd‐Eyes
battles a monster that's
Level 5 or above,
it's special ability kicks in.
Aah!
And I'll add to
the shock and awe
with the spell
Pendulum Climax!
Uhh! Arrgghh!
By tributing my Timegazer
Magician,
I can take a monster from your
graveyard
that's the same Level
and equip it to Odd‐Eyes!
I'm equipping your
Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom
with Curtain!
Half the attack points
from your monster
will be added to Odd‐Eyes'
attack points!
Your dueling style is
truly entertaining.
And I saved
the best moves for last!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon is
allowed to attack again!
Odd‐Eyes, attack with
Spiral Flame Strike.
It deals double the damage to
finish you off!
Boss!
Are you okay?
Mm. I have never been better.
I must admit, dueling you
has been great fun.
(all talking)
Chojiro!
Our hero!
Chojiro! Our hero!
Chojiro!
Our hero!
Chojiro! Our hero!
Chojiro!
Our hero!
Chojiro! Our hero!
Chojiro!
Our hero!
Chojiro! Our hero!
Be a hero!
(prisoners)
(Jean Michel Roget)
Is my special guest
enjoying her stay?
When we brought her in, the
detainee was uncooperative.
She has since settled down,
however.
Ah, very good.
Then I believe it's time
that I pay her a visit...
personally.